c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\obj\Debug\BdJobsOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\BdJobsOnline.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\BdJobsOnline.pdb
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\obj\Debug\BdJobsOnline.dll
c:\users\khalid-iit\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\obj\Debug\BdJobsOnline.pdb
C:\Users\KHALID-IIT\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\MvcJqGrid.dll
C:\Users\KHALID-IIT\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\Mvc.JQuery.Datatables.dll
C:\Users\KHALID-IIT\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BdJobsOnline\BdJobsOnline\bin\WebActivator.dll
